Good morning, family.

We heard it from the littlest of the children. There is something that actually can seem to be more powerful than the Word of God. Children, if you listen to what I'm about to say carefully, then I think the adults will get it also. Is there something that can be more powerful than the Word of God? If we may be tempted to think, well no, the Word of God is more powerful than everything. And that is true. In the end, we will see that the Word of God was most powerful. Heaven and Earth will pass away, but God's Word will remain. Jesus' words will never pass away. But as we saw in Matthew 13 verse 22, as we heard from even little Gemma, let's turn there, Matthew chapter 13. There is something that will prove to be more powerful than the Word of God in your life if you allow it. And that is the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches. Matthew 13 verse 22. In the middle of that verse, it begins to say that somebody who hears the Word, that's all of us sitting here, whether you hear it through me or through the Holy Spirit directly to you, I hope you will hear the Word of God today. But that's not all. You'll hear the Word of God, perhaps. But having heard the Word of God, there is something that will prove to be more powerful than the Word of God in your life. Here's a man or a woman or a child or a young person in whose heart this soil is a picture of our heart. And if you allow God's Word to be planted into your heart, this soil, but you also allow some cares and worries and love of riches, the love of the things of this Earth to also be planted in the same soil, Verse 22, "The one on whom the seed was sown among the thorns..." So seed was planted, good seed, but social media, the news, the friends looking at the neighbors, and my own love of the things of this world allowed other seeds to be planted. So in the same heart is the Word of God and other things, seeds that will bear thorns. And if you allow God's Word to grow in your heart, and the cares of the world, verse 22, the worry of the world and the deceitfulness of wealth to also come up, which will win? Can something overpower the Word of God? If you believe God's Word, it's true. If you allow the deceitfulness of wealth and the worry of the world to also grow in your heart along with the Word of God, the cares of the world will win. That's the moral of the story. Which means don't allow it to come up. You can say, "But I heard the Word of God. I'm up on my Bible reading. It's I'm up-to-date. I follow the Book of the Month. I'm here every Sunday. I come to the Bible studies. I'm getting more and more of the Word of God." But if you allow the Word of God and the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches also to grow, the latter will win. God has allowed it that way. Now at the end of time, we'll see that God's Word will remain, and all of the deceitfulness of riches and the cares of this world will fade away. But while we're here on this Earth, determine, and that's why I'm saying this, and this is for you children, because we heard it even from our three-year-olds. The cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches will choke out the Word, and it will become unfruitful. So I wanted to start with that, because I was convicted sitting there hearing our little girls saying that. Before we hear the Word of God, let's dig deep and see, is there any thorn seeds there right now? Because then I'm wasting my time, you're wasting your time listening to this, it's going to become unfruitful. Get rid of the thorn. Search your heart. Ask the Holy Spirit to break it up, the fallow ground, and see, is there some care of this world, some worry? We heard about it already during the singing time. Is there something that you're worried about, or your loving on this Earth? You want something, and it's deceitful, it's riches, it's wealth that you want, take it out! Because that's going to choke out the Word of God, no matter how many sermons you listen to.

Heavenly Father, before we hear from You, even as we've heard already, Lord, I want to come and ask You to search my heart. Examine my heart deeply, Lord, and show me, is there anything of the cares of the world or the deceitfulness of wealth that's there, that's going to come up and choke out the Word? I don't want it, Lord. I believe every one of us that's here in this room, those that are listening online, are here because we want to bear fruit, and fruit that will remain. And we don't want fruit to come up that will then be choked out. So Lord, search me. Search my innermost being, the deepest recesses of my heart, and show me if there's anything in there that displeases You. Show me how displeased You are by unbelief and worry and anxiety and the love of the things of this world. And root it out, Lord. Lay the axe to the root of the tree. Burn it all up, so that the Word we hear will bear fruit. I pray for those that are here, many who are sick or have any other need, Lord, whatever it might be. Those that couldn't be here, pray You will touch and heal them, provide for all of our needs. Above all, I pray for those who are going through a spiritual battle, that You will prove in us that we are overwhelmingly conquerors. I lift up those who are watching online who are in need in some way, facing some trial, a spiritual battle, an emotional battle, a relationship battle, a marriage that's falling apart, or where there's a lack of peace. O Lord Jesus, You are our peace. You Yourself are our peace. And may You, the God of Peace, grant us peace in every circumstance. I pray for those online as well, whatever their needs may be. We lift them up to You, Lord. You know their needs. You care, and You're able to sustain the burden. So I pray that every one of them, every one of us, will cast our burdens on You. We commit them to You, Lord, our visitors online as well. Bless them, Lord. Be near them. Remind them of Your care and love for them. Thank You. Thank You, Father. May Your Word come with clarity. I pray, Lord, it will be simple, not impressive to our minds and to our intellect, but powerful to penetrate into our honest and good hearts and bear fruit. Thank You, Father, You will do that. That even the youngest ones, Lord, will receive something from You today. You're not just going to speak for the sake of speaking. We're not here to receive anything out of ritual. There's a purpose, Lord, that You have for this day. There's a purpose with which You're speaking to us today. May we have ears to hear what You, the Spirit, are saying to the church, and may we have honest, good hearts to receive it and to obey it. Help us, Lord. Thank You. Pour out Your Spirit upon us, even open our ears. Forgive us for where we've been dull of hearing, where we're hearing message after message after message, and we're still so slow to obey, so slow to trust You. O Lord, I pray that we will hear Your voice. Your Holy Spirit will open our ears, that the Word of Christ may penetrate into our hearts, that we might have faith that overcomes the world. Make it so, Father. We believe You will, in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen.

I love what we just sang, "I am finding out the greatness of Thy loving heart." Think what it would be like, dear family, if every week we came here and our testimony was, "I have found out a little bit more of the greatness of God's loving heart. Yes, I had a little bit more trial, things got a little bit more difficult than the previous week, uncertainties came in, things came in that shook me, but through it all, I have found the greatness of His loving heart. I thought He was loving, I thought His heart was loving a week ago, and this week the Lord allowed me to go through something so shaking, caught me so much by surprise, unexpectedly, but I came through it and found out that His heart was even more loving than I thought." And the secret to that, as we sang in that beautiful hymn, is simply resting. Resting. Oh, that we would come to Jesus. Jesus said, "Come to Me, you, RLCF family, and those watching online, who are weary and carrying heavy burdens. Come to Me and learn from Me. Take My yoke upon you, and you will find rest." And when you find rest, God can take you through any trial, any circumstance, any sudden calamity, and you'll come through that having rested in Him. "Jesus, I am resting, resting in what? In the joy of simply who You are. That's it."

And I pray often, and I'll tell you, brothers, my testimony is this, that I find that when I am shaken, when I'm allowed, when I'm actually shaken and maybe don't find rest, I go back and examine my heart and say, "Lord, why wasn't I at rest in that circumstance? I should have been at rest. You said that I could find rest. Why was it that I was shaken in that moment and panicked for a little while, even if it was for one minute or one hour or whatever? Why was it, Lord, that I panicked when I shouldn't have? You never panicked." You know that Jesus never, not even for half a second, panicked. Things happened to Him exactly like they happen to you and I. He got news, exactly like you and I get news, that the devil tried to shake Him over. He was caught off guard at times, suddenly, but not even for half a second did He panic. And He says, "Come to Me, and I'll give you this same rest." And if you find that a year ago the panic lasted for a week, okay, press on to perfection, brother, sister. Say, "Lord, last year it was a week, today I want it to be no more than a day." And press on. And you bring it down. "I panicked for only a day. Okay, Lord, I'm not done yet. I want to come to the life that Jesus had, where He had no unrest at all." Do you believe that such a life is possible? Or is it just fantasy? Is it just theory? Oh, it is, brothers, sisters. Jesus said, "I will give you rest. You take the same yoke that I have, take My yoke upon you, and you'll find rest. You will find rest." Take that word with you. And that rest comes from simply saying, "Lord, I want to find the joy of who You are." The original word says, "what Thou art." What are You, Lord? What are You? You're greater than all the things of this world. I want to find the joy of what You are, who You are, yes, but what You are also. That You, Lord Jesus, are the greatest joy of all. When we find rest in that, then I find the greatness of His heart, of His loving heart.

Let's turn to Malachi chapter 1. Malachi chapter 1. Malachi is an interesting book because it's the last of the prophets before John the Baptist comes, and there's about 400 years of no prophetic utterance that we're aware of. I'm sure there were godly people, and it was during that time that there was a revival towards holiness in the land of Israel that resulted in the Pharisees, the group that became the Pharisees and the Scribes, being formed. Now, unfortunately, that led into legalism. But there's relative silence, you can say, between the Old Testament and the New Testament, at the end of Malachi. There's about 400 years before the next voice you hear in Israel is John the Baptist saying, "Prepare the way for the Lord."

Malachi is an interesting book because it's sort of the end of the Old Covenant. Now God's people have been through quite a journey up to this point, beginning with, you can say, Abraham and God's promise to them. Then they go into captivity to preserve that lineage. The reason God sent them to Egypt was because there was a famine everywhere else, and God preserved that line of Abraham so that Jesus could come. But then they were in captivity, and God allowed that for 430 years. Liberated them through Moses, brought them out through the wilderness, for 40 years they wandered, and eventually they entered into the Promised Land. But through all of that, from the time of Egypt, you always see this up and down, up and down, up and down. Right after Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, from then on, you see that God's people are sort of just meandering. They complained in the wilderness, they had unbelief, they had idols. I mean, literally days after they came out of Egypt, they're already worshipping an idol, a golden calf. And Aaron, who's going to be the High Priest, is leading them in that. Look at what's happening! And that story continues through the Judges, and then the Kings of Israel and Judah. It's some good, some bad, mostly bad. These are the chosen people of God! And then they go into captivity in Babylon, because they were disobedient. And God says, "You will be there for 70 years to fulfill the Sabbaths that you didn't honor Me in." But they come out of it, and finally, after that, you don't see that much idol worship in Israel anymore, or any that I'm aware of. Baal and all those other gods that you heard of before the captivity were constantly there, right? We've been reading about different kings like Ahaz, and even beginning with Solomon, all the different idols that they worshipped brought in by wives that they married, who brought their idols with them, Baal and Asherah and all the other idols that the neighboring countries had that came into Israel. But once they come out of captivity from Babylon, you don't see that idol worship anymore.

But something different is going on. Now the temple has been built by Haggai and Zechariah, Zerubbabel, and Joshua the priest. There's the temple, and people are worshipping God in the temple. You don't see idol worship anymore, but something's different. Now they're religious. Here's what it looks like. Malachi chapter 1, verse 10: "Oh that there were one among you who would shut the gates of the temple, that you might not uselessly kindle fire on My altar! I am not pleased with you," says the Lord of hosts, "nor will I accept an offering from you." So this is no longer offerings on the altar of Baal or all the other idols. This is offering offerings on God's altar, but it's useless. It's religious. "Yes, I've given up all those worldly habits. I'm not living that old, wicked, sinful life I used to live. I'm sitting in church every week, and I'm reading my Bible, and I'm doing things that I'm supposed to be doing in the name of Jesus as a Christian." But the Lord says, "That fire that you're putting on My altar is useless, and I wish you would just shut down the doors of My temple that you've built." And in the midst of this, He tells us what He's looking for in verse 11: "For from the rising of the sun even to its setting, from East to West, My name will be great among the nations, and in every place incense is going to be offered to My name, and a grain offering that is pure; for My name will be great among the nations," says the Lord of hosts.

And this is our mission as a church, dear family. He says it twice: "My name will be great." That's what God is looking for. Not He says, "Okay, you've given up all the idol worship and all that. I know you've made all those sacrifices, and now you're seeking to be a disciple, you're taking it wholeheartedly, but is your passion in doing this that My name will be great?" If it's not, if it's so that maybe you'll have a good life, "If I honor You, Lord, if I'm Your disciple and I make these sacrifices, will You still bless me? Will You still do this for me, will You do that other thing for me?" If so, the Lord says, "No, it's a useless fire. The fire on the altar of God that is pleasing to Him, that is a pleasing aroma to Him, is the one that says, 'Lord, I want Your name to be great. Will You bless my marriage? Not so that we can have a good marriage and be happy here on this Earth, no, so that Your name will be great! Will You bless our home? Will You bless our children? Will You protect them from the evil in this world? Not so that they also can go to Heaven, but that Your name will be great! Will You establish this church here at RLCF, Lord, not so that we can have a good church and good friends and go to the park and play games and be in each other's homes and have Bible studies, but that Your name will be great!'" Then He says, "Oh, that's pleasing to Me, and I'll do it." This is what the Lord is looking for, that His name will be great.

Let me turn to Psalm 72. As we turn there, this is recently been a burning, a searing word on my heart. I say, "Lord, I want it to be so that people who look at my life, people who look at our lives, will say, 'His God is a great God!'" Not by making us rich or healing all our sicknesses or anything like that. No. But simply that God can take us through trial, take us through circumstances, take us through pain, take us through disappointment, take us through loss, and have us so that our backs are against the wall, when it seems like all hope is lost, and bring us through that, and then they say, "His God is truly a great God. Only a true, living God could bring Santosh out of that." That must be our testimony.

And if that is, dear brothers, dear sisters, and it can seem intimidating, "Lord, what will it feel like if You allow me to come to a place where my back is against the wall and I'm trapped in a corner and I have no way to get out, and it hurts, and the pain seems to last forever, physically, emotionally, the pain seems to drag on and drag on and drag on? What will it feel like, Lord?" Then remember He will not allow you to be tested more than you're able to bear, 1 Corinthians 10 verse 13. But with every situation, even when you're backed into a corner, will provide a way of escape so that you might endure it. He will never leave you or forsake you. He won't desert you. But if you're in the hand of God and you're backed into a corner, that's the best place to be, because you're in His hand, and He's going to demonstrate His greatness through that, where people will see and they know, "Man, he looks like he's backed into a corner. All odds are against him. All odds seem to be against her." And people can see the crushing of your spirit, and like a grape being crushed, and the pain is written all over your face, even perhaps, you can't hide it, the tears are flowing. But when the Lord can bring you through that, and other people will say, "Wow, Santosh's God is great!" Put your name there. Will you make it your prayer today if it hasn't been up to this point, dear friend, dear brother, sister, even you dear children, "Lord, take me through this week. Take me through this month, take me through this year. I don't know what it's going to look like, and I don't know how I'll come through that, but I'm willing, Lord." That's what it means to put an altar. "I'm willing to put that altar down, and for You to take me through whatever, as long as at the end of it Your name is great!" That they say, "Santosh's God, He's a great God. He's a powerful God." Make that so for your life as well, your co-workers, your neighbors, your relatives, that they see you putting your trust so firmly in the only true living God.

Psalm 72 verse 18. We believe this is actually a Psalm of Solomon, but I think David gave him the words for it, because it says at the end of it, "The prayers of David, the son of Jesse, are ended." But anyway, in verse 18 it says, "Blessed be the Lord God, the God of Israel." Now, that's Old Testament. What is it New Testament, then? For me, Psalm 72 verse 18 in my Bible, in the book, the Word becoming flesh in me, should read like this: "Blessed be the Lord God, the God of Santosh, Who alone works wonders!" Do you want God to prove that of all the other gods that are in the world, whether they have names or they don't have names, that He is the only One Who works wonders? "Who alone works wonders! And blessed be His glorious name forever, and may the whole Earth," from East to West, like we heard already, "be filled with His glory. Amen and Amen." Let's make that true in our lives.

Similar words, Luke chapter 1. This is the story when John the Baptist was formed in his mother's womb and then was born. Quite a miracle! Zacharias and Elizabeth had pretty much given up hope of ever having a baby. They were old. For them, maybe I'm sure there were times when they ran the pregnancy test, they wished they could have a baby, nothing happening, nothing happening, and they get older and older. Finally got to the point where like, "Nah, let's not even check anymore." And then God says, "Listen, I'm going to come and give you a baby." And Zacharias is so unbelieving that God has to strike him mute for some period of time. Says, "Okay, just to prove how great I am, you're not going to be able to speak till the baby is born." And the moment John is born, his mouth is opened, Luke 1 verse 64. And he began to speak in praise of God. What a wonderful testimony! Not, "Oh, look at me! I produced a baby!" Now, this wasn't like Mary, where the Holy Spirit formed the baby. This was a baby formed through Zacharias and Elizabeth. But Zacharias, because he was struck mute, and he knew he had nothing to do with it, even though he did physically—he produced the sperm, Elizabeth produced the egg, John the Baptist was formed by both of them—Zacharias said, "I know you guys think it's me that I did such a wonderful thing, that at the age of whatever, I had a baby. I want you to know it's all God. I had nothing to do with it." He began to speak in praise of God. That's what God wants to do through us. Not that you'll overcome sin, finally, your marriage will be finally restored and say, "Look, they fixed their marriage!" Or, "Look, their children are growing in the Lord," or anything like that. It will be simply, "Lord, You have done a miracle!" And maybe God has to strike us mute for a while, and call us to put our mouth in the dust in silence. Now, He won't strike you physically mute, but sometimes it's good to just be like Zacharias, say, "Lord, I bury my mouth in the dust, and I say, let me realize I am but nothing." And then he says, he's filled with the Holy Spirit, verse 67, and he prophesied saying, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel," the Lord God of Zacharias, the Lord God of Santosh, "for He has visited us and accomplished redemption for His people."

This is our testimony. This is the testimony we want to have, that we want people to be able to give of us. "Blessed be Santosh's God!" People who don't even know Him, and they see God doing something wonderful for us, and they won't give us the credit, they won't give us the honor. They'll say, "I know it couldn't be Santosh, because I know him." And our tongues will speak of His praise. You see, God is only interested in one thing, and that is demonstrating His glory everywhere. That's what we read in Malachi chapter 1. We can be tempted to think, "Oh, God wants to take me to Heaven, and He feels sorry for me and my sin." Yes, God is compassionate and merciful, but the moment you go down that path too much, it becomes so self-centered where God is about me not being uncomfortable, me not being miserable, me having a good life now and afterwards. And that's the gospel that most of Christianity is presenting. "Hey, you don't want to be miserable, you want to go to Heaven, right? Yeah, come, sign this card, say this prayer, you'll have a good life." God is not about giving you a good life, either now or in eternity. He will! He will give you eternal life, yes, but there's one thing that He is most interested in, and that is His glory. And He gets glory out of you being a partaker of His eternal life. That's what we must understand, that God is interested in one thing, and that's demonstrating His glory, especially where, on Earth, there are other gods competing with Him for glory. Whether they have names, like I said, or are unnamed: wealth—we've already talked about Mammon—self, success, popularity, good looks. All of these things are gods that are competing with the true God for attention and for glory. And in the midst of that, God wants to prove that His name alone is great. He's only interested in demonstrating His glory through us.

And think about what, yeah, as an example, when He started that work with Abraham, the work of salvation that would ultimately come through Jesus, it began with Abraham, the father of those who believe, we're told in the New Testament. Think what an amazing thing, like it was for Zacharias, when Abraham reached that point of hopelessness and helplessness, and finally had a kid, and people came and saw him and say, "Tell me about Isaac." See, with Ishmael, maybe Abraham could take a little bit of credit. Both Ishmael and Abraham and Hagar, perhaps, could take some credit and say, "Yeah, we produced this." But then you read that Abraham, God allowed that situation to get even worse, where after Ishmael had grown up and was a young boy, then Abraham realized this wasn't the promise. Ishmael was not the promised child. And then he says, "Well, Lord, there's no way, considering his own body, as old as it was, and the deadness of Sarah's womb," it says, he said, "All hope is lost." And then God says, "Okay, now all hope is lost, I can do something for you." This is how God works. So then when you came to Abraham on that day when Isaac was born, or a year later when he's celebrating his first year birthday for Isaac, you ask, "Abraham, man, you did it! Give me a high five! You produced a child!" He'd say, "I'm sorry, no high five. I had nothing to do with it. My body was dead, and Sarah's was as good as dead." No, Sarah's was dead, mine was as good as dead. That's actually how it's worded. "I had nothing to do with it. I give glory to God." And think about the people around Abraham, what glory they gave to God through Isaac, for Abraham's life!

And I thought I would share with us how I've been, as I've been meditating on this, how God manifests His glory, and wants to manifest His glory through a few examples in Scripture. I first want to turn to Psalm 34 by making this statement: God gets glory by delivering His own people. That act of deliverance where God delivers somebody out is what brings Him glory. And in order for that to happen, it implies, it means that there must be a problem to begin with. And I'm saying this because I know if I was to sit down and talk to each one of you, or as we sit down and sit at lunch and share our lives with each other, I think every one of us will say, "I'm going through something really difficult." I don't think I've ever met a person that says, "Man, no problems in my life at all! I've no cares, no worries." Yes, no cares, no worries, that should be our testimony, but there are difficulties you're facing, there are trials you're facing in some way. That's a mark simply that you're part of God's people. You're one of God's chosen people, you're one of the godly ones. Because Psalm 34 verse 19, "The righteous are characterized by this, that they have many afflictions. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, many!" So you say, "Well, I'm a righteous person." I'll say, "That means you're going through many afflictions, right?" "Yep, yep, Santosh, that's true." The ones who are not facing any afflictions, who seem to have a comfortable life, are those who are not really seeking righteousness. The moment you set your mind on the Kingdom of God, which is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit, you're guaranteed to have many afflictions. Is that what you signed up for? Is that what the person who gave you the gospel told you? If not, I'm here to tell you today. If you decide that you're going to be righteous, you're going to stand for the truth, you're going to be a godly person, here's one thing you're promised, it absolutely is going to be so, I can guarantee it: You will have many afflictions. Not me, but God Himself said it: "Many are the afflictions of the righteous." But, let's say it together, "The Lord delivers him out of them all." Can we say it together again? "The Lord delivers him out of them all!" That's where the glory of God is manifest. That He says, "Here's somebody, Santosh, here's you, RLCF, put your name there, a little child." They made a decision, 6 years old, "I want to follow Jesus. I'm giving You my life, Lord Jesus, I'm going to follow You." And God says, "Okay, you're in for a life of many afflictions, BUT I will deliver you out of them all!" And the people around you will see that you decided to follow Jesus, and from their perspective, it looked like He deserted you! That the moment you decided to follow this God, things got worse! Problems came in floods! "But He will deliver you out of them all."

2 Timothy chapter 3. This is the last few words of Paul the apostle, who for about 30 or so years has been serving Jesus faithfully, and he's days, I think, away from reaching the end of his life. He says a few sentences later, "I'm already being poured out," chapter 4 verse 6, "The time of my departure has come. I have fought the good fight, I have finished the course." He's seeing the finishing tape. He's made it! The one who was running 100% against Jesus, he turned, met Jesus on the road to Damascus, and then pursued after Him wholeheartedly. And now he's finishing the end. And he says to Timothy, in the last letter he writes that we know of that's recorded in Scripture, he writes to Timothy, the person whom he's handing off the baton to, as it were, saying, "Timothy, my lap is over, now it's yours. And I want you to then, after your lap is over, hand it off to somebody else who can hand it off to somebody else." He's thinking three generations after him. And he says, verse 10, "Timothy, you followed my teaching, you listened to my teaching and you followed it, you followed my conduct, you watched my life and you followed my conduct. You followed my purpose. You saw that I had a purpose, I wasn't just randomly living my life aimlessly, I had a purpose. You followed my faith, you followed my patience, you followed my love, you followed my perseverance, and you followed my persecutions and sufferings!" Verse 11, "As happened to me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra, what persecutions I endured!" He runs out of places to say, because the list goes on! "What persecutions I endured!" "Paul, tell me about your life before you followed Jesus." "Oh, it was great! Pharisee of Pharisees, everybody thought of me as this great person. I was persecuting other people, and I was zealous." "Okay, tell me about your life after you started following Jesus." "What persecutions I endured!" "And out of them all, the Lord rescued me." There it is again! It's almost like he's quoting Psalm 34 verse 19. "Indeed," he says now to Timothy, "I'm handing off the baton to you, and included in this baton is teaching, conduct, purpose, faith, patience, love, perseverance, persecutions and sufferings! Listen, Timothy, I'm giving you the baton of persecution and suffering as well, because all who desire to live godly in Christ Jesus will be persecuted. Do you want that baton, Timothy? Do you want this life? God will deliver you out of every one of them! Now, I know in the midst of it, you will feel like 'I'm never going to get out of this. This is how it's always going to be.' But oh, brother, sister, child, young person, will you take courage? Will you hear the word of the Lord today that He says, 'I will deliver you out of every one of them!'" And then His name will be great. They'll see you backed into a corner, no way out, no strength of your own left, and then they'll see you on the other side of it and say, "Wow, the God he serves is great!"

If God allows you to come to the place where only a supernatural act—you know, they talk about in the insurance world, "acts of nature", "supernatural acts", something like that, that's a clause—when God allows you to come to that place where only a supernatural act can rescue you out of it, then His name will be great! But if somehow you can say, "Well, my rich uncle kind of bailed me out, and I had this backup plan, I had some savings, and I, you know, I found the right doctor, and all this stuff," then you'll say, "Well, okay, yeah, yeah, my God can do that, too." Because you need some earthly help as well. And I think some of us, maybe all of us, are in a place where we're getting closer to the point where all earthly hope has ended or is vanishing. And then God says, "Now I can help you. Now My name will be great, and it won't be mixed in with anybody else." This is how He's building the church. That's what, "From the East to the West, My name will be great among the nations." And they say, "The God of Santosh is a great God. The God of [put your name there] is a great one."

Let's turn to 2 Kings chapter 19. 2 Kings 19. God wants to demonstrate His greatness to His enemies. The enemies of God and God's people, that includes the devil and his hosts, but also people on the Earth who are influenced by the devil, who are enemies of God and His work. Could be other religions, could be even people in the name of Christ who are worshipping Mammon, who are worshipping money. That is another religion. It's also called Christianity, but it's another religion altogether. It's worshipping the god of Mammon. And God wants to demonstrate His power to His enemies and the enemies of His people. In 2 Kings 19, you see this story where an enemy comes against... King Sennacherib, the king of Assyria, comes against King Hezekiah. King Hezekiah is a picture of you and I, the people of God, chosen, not perfect, flawed in some ways, but seeking to honor the Lord and seeking to glorify Him. And in verse 3, the... well, before that, the people come and the enemy sends this message, and they're warning and they're threatening. You read chapter 18, they're saying, "Ah, your God can't deliver you! Look at all the other gods that we have triumphed over. You think your God is going to..." And they give examples, this nation, that nation, that other king, that other person, that other person, that other person, the list goes on. And then Hezekiah says, "Okay," verse 3, 2 Kings 19 verse 3, "Thus says Hezekiah..." He sends word to Isaiah. Hezekiah's in a bit of a panic. Thank God there's a prophet there who knows God, Isaiah the prophet. And so Hezekiah says to him, "Listen, this is a day of distress, rebuke, and rejection, for children have come to birth and there is no strength to deliver." Does it feel like that? "I thought this was going to work out, but no, it's not working out. Perhaps the Lord your God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh, whom his master, the king of Assyria, has sent to reproach the living God." I love this about Hezekiah! Even though he's distressed, he recognizes that that king was taunting me, "but I don't realize that he's actually taunting God, the living God! And will rebuke the words which the Lord your God has heard." Let's skip down to verse 10. So Isaiah sends a message back, "Thus you shall say to Hezekiah, king of Judah: 'Do not let...' Now this is, sorry, this is now... I mean, Isaiah's encouraged, Hezekiah's encouraged. Isaiah sends him a promise. But then, after that promise, after that encouragement, the enemy comes again and says, 'Ah, don't believe even the prophet!'" Verse 10, Sennacherib sends a message again saying, "Do not let your God in whom you trust deceive you in anything." And the devil will say that to you. Your enemies will say, "You say you worship Jesus, you say you worship God, He's not going to bail you out! He's deceiving you, don't let Him deceive you! He won't come through." Has the devil tempted you with those thoughts? "God's not going to come through. I know you keep saying that, but He's not, He's going to fail you." This is what Sennacherib was saying to Hezekiah. "Do not let your God in whom you trust deceive you, saying Jerusalem will not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria. Behold, you have heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all the lands, destroying them completely." "Look at that person, look at that person, look at how that person, and that other situation, and this and that," and the list goes on! Verse 14, Hezekiah did something. He reached a place of helplessness. See, at other times, he tried to bribe them. You read, right? We've been reading this recently in our Bible reading plan. He sent some gold, some tribute, and all that. I believe he's come to a place of helplessness, and he took the letter—I encourage you to get this picture, the next time you get an email or some news, a phone call, or a text message, you take that like Hezekiah did—"he took the letter from the hand of the messengers and read it, and he went up to the house of the Lord and spread it out before the Lord." I love it! The next time you find anxiety and worry trying to find a home in your heart, you take it and find a sanctuary—you don't have to come into this building, there's nothing holy about this building—you find a sanctuary where it's you and God alone, and you spread out that news before the Lord. Lay it out! Say, "Lord, this is what the world is telling me. This is what my own thoughts are telling me. This is how hopeless the situation seems. I lay it all out before You, Lord. I spread it out before You." And then he prayed, and said, "O Lord," verse 15, "the God of Hezekiah, the God of Santosh," put your name there, "You're my God, Lord. You are enthroned above the cherubim, You are the God, You alone, of all the kingdoms of the Earth. You have made Heaven and Earth. Incline Your ear, O Lord, and hear. Open Your eyes, O Lord, and see, and listen to the words of Sennacherib which he has sent to reproach You! They're not fighting against me, they're reproaching You, the living God! Truly, O Lord, the kings of Assyria have devastated the nations and their lands." Yes, it's true that all those other people have fallen, all those other situations, it seems like it has failed, "and have cast their gods into the fire, but they were not gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone. So they have destroyed them. Now, O Lord our God, I pray, deliver us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the Earth may know that You alone, O Lord, are God." God allowed Hezekiah and the land of Judah to come to this place where everybody else had been defeated by the Assyrians, and all hope seemed to be gone, and God saves the people of Judah.

I thought about it like this: Let's say that you had, you know, let me say you had a difficult problem, maybe a financial problem. Often the cause of a lot of anxiety and worry comes from financial difficulty, uncertainty about the future: "Will I have enough money? Will I make it through this?" Or health problems. Imagine if your dad or mom was the richest person in the world. Imagine if your dad or mom was the richest person in the world, and they had an unlimited, seemingly, multi-billionaires! It's crazy that there are even people who have that much money, multi-billions. But let's say your dad or mom was the richest person in the world, do you think you'd ever be worried about money? I don't think you would! You'd be like, "Oh yeah, okay, I've got this bill, suddenly I need some money to pay for this thing, my car got I've got to pay insurance, or that bill suddenly caught me off guard, or a medical bill." You think you'd be worried? Now, I think there's a deeper question there: Worry has nothing to do with how much money you have. But let me leave that aside. But you'll say, "Well, I'll just call Dad." You'll be like, "Hey Dad, listen, I got into a mess and all that," and Dad might ask me some questions about why I wasn't careful with money, but he'll still bail me out, because he's Dad. Now, this is when he says, "Those are not gods." Do you know that money is not a real god, even though the devil wants you to think that? Even though your own mind wants you to think that, "If I had a little bit more money, if I could earn a little bit more, if they would give me a raise at work, if I had this much, I would be fine." But that's not a god at all! And God wants us to come to a place with however much He allows us to have or not have, where we realize that these are not God at all, not gods at all. Money is not a god. Not a god that can save you. That money, that person who you thought could bail you out, is just an idol of wood or stone. God wants us to come to the place where we trust in Him.

Let me turn to Exodus chapter 18. God wants to prove His greatness in our interactions with our relatives. We all have relatives or friends that we know who don't know Him like they should. They don't know, maybe they know about Jesus, but they don't have a living relationship with Christ. They haven't surrendered their life fully to Him, which is the only way to have assurance of eternity, is to have complete trust in Jesus Christ where He is the Lord of our lives. And God wants to demonstrate His greatness through us in the lives of our relatives. You read this in Exodus chapter 18, with Moses's father-in-law. Now Jethro, the priest of Midian, he was a priest of the Midianites. Moses' father-in-law heard of all that God had done for Moses, what, through the wilderness, and having to escape, and going through plagues and all of that. He heard all of it, all that God had done for Moses and for Israel, His people, how the Lord had brought Israel out of Egypt. Look at how God, now He wants to reach Jethro, and He allows Jethro to find out about all the suffering that the people of Israel have gone through for 430 years, and all those plagues that they went through, and they came through the wilderness, they came out of Egypt, then they're chased by Pharaoh and He has to part the Red Sea and bring them through that. They're constantly facing problem, deliverance, problem, deliverance, problem, deliverance. It continues on, and Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, hears about it! Hears about these people, this strange people who don't have a hunky-dory 'everything's great' life. They have problems, but this God seems to be able to bring them out of every one of them! "How the Lord had brought Israel out of Egypt. Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Moses' wife Zipporah after he had sent her away, and her two sons, of whom one was named Gershom, for Moses had said, 'I have been a sojourner in a foreign land.' The other was named Eliezer, for he said, 'The God of my father was my help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh.'" And listen to this, verse 5: "Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, came with his sons and his wife to Moses in the wilderness where he was camped at the mount of God. And he sent word to Moses, 'I, your father-in-law Jethro, am coming to you with your wife and her two sons with her.'" And he came to meet them. Verse 8, listen to this: "Moses told his father-in-law all that the Lord had done to Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, all the hardship that had befallen them on the journey, and how the Lord had delivered them." And Jethro was like, "Wow, this is God!" Now, the Egyptians worshipped gods, and they were very successful, they were very rich, the richest country in the world at that time. But God brought a small people, a despised people, a people of slaves out of Egypt, set them free, took them through problems, all the difficulties, all the hardship that had befallen them, delivered them through that, and then He says, "Now, Jethro, who are you going to trust? Whatever god you were worshipping in Midian, I want to show you here's a living God." My dear brothers, dear sisters, children, we're praying for relatives. We're praying for loved ones, some who are very close relatives, some who are further away. Are we willing? We pray for them often, but are we willing for the Lord to take us through hardships, and for Him to deliver us through them, and then our loved ones see this is the true living God? May He do it! He did that for Moses, and I don't know what happened to Jethro, but certainly he came and recognized the true living God, demonstrating that this is the true God.

Let's turn to 2 Kings chapter 5. God wants to demonstrate His greatness when we are faced with having to do something that seems impossible. Maybe it's your boss at work says, "You need to get this done by 9:00 AM tomorrow morning." You're like, "O Lord, what do I do? How do I get this done?" Or some of you children, you're facing a difficult test, and you're having difficulty comprehending it, and this test is coming up on Monday morning, and you're uncertain about it. Faced with a seemingly impossible task, that's where God wants to demonstrate His greatness. Could be a marriage problem, it could be a problem with your children or other relatives. God wants to demonstrate His greatness when you're faced with an impossible-seeming task. And here is one: 2 Kings chapter 5: "Now Naaman, captain of the army of the king of Aram, was a great man with his master, and highly respected, because by him the Lord had given victory to Aram. The man was also a valiant warrior, but he was a leper." And so he goes to his king, you can read the rest of that story, and the king says, well, here's the beautiful thing about that you see in the next verse, that this man, Naaman, his army had gone and captured a particular area, and they had taken a girl as a slave and brought them into Naaman's house. And here's this girl, who probably one day she's playing out with her friends, and all of a sudden these soldiers come and kidnap her, and take her into this far away country, she never sees Daddy or Mommy again, and you think, "That's it! What a horrible way for the story to end!" Oh, but the story didn't end! God allowed that army of Arameans to pick that girl to be kidnapped, to be taken into Naaman's house, so that Naaman could be healed of his leprosy, so that the name of God could become great in a far away land! See how God turns everything into good for those who love Him? And here's this girl, and she's bold. And she says, "There's a living God! I know, Naaman, I've watched you praying in front of your idols and doing all this stuff." He was a religious man! You read later, he was a religious man. But she says, "There's only one true living God." Let me translate her words: "God, this true living God, has allowed me to go through a difficult circumstance, perhaps a thing that I would never wish on anybody, that she was kidnapped as a young little girl and taken as a slave, but she says, 'I see that God has allowed even that for a reason, because He wants to show you how great He is. Now, go, and see if you can get a hold of somebody in Israel who knows the true living God.'" Elisha was there.

So, now Naaman doesn't know what to do, so he talks to his king, the boss, and the boss says, "Yeah, let me write a letter to the king." And he sends this letter, verse 6, 2 Kings 5 verse 6, to the king of Israel. Now, the king of Israel doesn't know God. He's a religious person, he's the king of Israel, but he knows about the God of Israel, but he doesn't know God. And in the letter it says, "Now as this letter comes to you, behold, I have sent Naaman my servant to you, that you may cure him of his leprosy." And somebody who has the name as a Christian, or the name as somebody who knows God, but doesn't actually know God, immediately goes into a panic! "And when the king of Israel read the letter, he tore his clothes and said, 'Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man is sending word to me to cure a man of his leprosy? But consider now and see how he's seeking a quarrel against me!'" So his immediate response when he's faced with this impossible-seeming circumstance is, "You're trying to pick a fight with me." And oh, that you will know, dear brothers, dear sisters, dear children and young people, when you face those difficult trials in your life, it's so that God can prove His greatness. The fight is not against you! The king of Israel thought it was a fight against him. But Elisha, verse 8, the man of God, heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, says, "Listen, what are you doing? I know God! I know the true living God! Everybody else is not a God, there's only one true living God, and I know Him, and He's going to save us out of this." He said, "Listen to him, why have you torn your clothes? Let him come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel who really knows the living God." And you know the rest of that story. Let's skip down to verse 15. After Naaman is healed, he comes back to Elisha. "He returned to the man of God, 2 Kings 5 verse 15, with all his company, and came and stood before him, and he said, 'Listen, Behold now, here's an ungodly man who never came in touch with the living God, always worshipped some other idol, and thought that his success as an general in the army of the greatest land at that time was because of the god he was worshipping, saw God do a miracle through a seemingly hopeless situation, and he says, 'Behold now, I know that there is no God in all the Earth, but in Israel.'" "There is no God in all the Earth, but in Israel." You see how God allowed a hopeless circumstance so that His name alone would be manifest, His glory would be seen?

Let's turn to 2 Corinthians chapter 12. God wants to manifest His greatness and His glory when you experience physical suffering. 2 Corinthians chapter 12. Paul was used mightily by the Lord, and you would think that God would say, "Okay, Paul is valuable to me, I got to make sure he stays healthy, I got to put a bubble around Paul so that his health is great, and nothing ever bad happens to him, because he's so useful to me." God's ways are not our ways. God says, "This is my servant Paul, I'm afraid he'll get proud, he'll start to think that it's because he's so good, or he's such a good preacher, or he's following me wholeheartedly, that's why I'm using him. So I'm going to allow him to face trouble." He said in 2 Timothy 3, "What persecutions I endured!" And on top of that, the persecutions that people gave at him, God allowed Satan himself to persecute Paul directly! Verse 7, "Because of the surpassing greatness of the revelations, for this reason, to keep me from exalting myself," 2 Corinthians 12 verse 7, "there was given me a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to torment me, to keep me from exalting myself." Tormented! This isn't once a week... imagine if you had somebody that shows up every Monday morning and torments you, maybe your boss, I don't know, or somebody that shows up on your door and says, 'I'm here to harass you or torment you Monday morning, 9:00 AM.' This is worse, this is 24/7! Paul is throughout the day and throughout the night being tormented, tormented, tormented, torment. That's an extreme word! Constantly being tormented by this thorn in the flesh. You say, "Why, Lord? Why would You do that? This is the guy that's serving You the most! I mean, of all the people in the world, he's the one that is most valuable to Your Kingdom, he's most effective, he's given up everything, he has counted all things as loss, he's given up everything, he's suffered all things as loss. Wouldn't you think that You'd want to reward him?" And God says, "No, your ways are not My ways. I'm going to allow him to be tormented." Why? Concerning this, and Paul doesn't understand it at first, he says, "I implored the Lord three times that it might leave me. And He said to me, 'Listen, My grace is sufficient for you.' Paul, I want you to come to the place where you're leaning on My grace alone. Because up to this point, before I gave you the thorn in the flesh, you were leaning on—I'm paraphrasing here—My grace was there, but you had some room for your own strength, your own ability, something else that you could bring into the equation. 'Yes, Lord, give me Your grace, I'll add my own ability to that. Give me, provide for me, I'll add my own ability, my own savings, my own this or my own that, my own healthy diet, I'll throw that in as well, Lord.' And God says, 'After all your healthy diet, if I still allow you to be sick, what am I doing? I'm trying to show you that My grace is enough.' You don't have to add anything to it.

Have you come to the place, brothers, sisters, children, young people, where His grace alone is sufficient? That's what 'sufficient' means. That means there's no room to add anything else. His grace fills up the whole room. Some of us are probably at that place where, 'His grace, I've got a good amount of His grace, but I've also got a backup plan, I've got room for something else.' He says, 'Listen, Paul, I'm allowing this 24/7 torment,' it could be a physical torment, sickness, pain in the body that you deal with, it could be an emotional torment, the memory of some things from the past, or hurt, or loss, or disappointment, whatever it might be, He says, 'This torment 24/7, I've allowed it to be there so that you'll realize that My grace is sufficient for you, because My power shows up best the weaker you are. My power is perfected in weakness.' That's what that means, that My power will show up the best the weaker you are. You see how God is allowing Paul to get weaker? If it was just once a month torment, maybe he could still be like, 'Ah, I can grit my teeth, I'm ready for it, it's going to come once a month.' But then it becomes once a week torment, 'Ah, he's getting weaker, can't hold on for so long.' Now it's every day, 'Okay, he's getting weaker.' Now it's constant torment, no power left! 'I've been tormented so much,' Paul is saying, not me, Paul, that he's just like, 'Ah, I've nothing left. Okay, now My power can show up best.' You see how the Lord is now allowing that pressing to happen, that torment to increase perhaps, not because He hates you, not because He's left you alone, oh, He's with you, you're in the center of His hand! He's allowing you to get to such a point of weakness and hopelessness and helplessness, that His power alone shows up! His power shows up best the weaker you are. And like we sang in that song, do you want multiplied peace? Do you want multiplied mercy? We sang of it. It was nice to just sing it, but you know what came before that? To added affliction, He added His mercy. Some of us want the mercy without the affliction, but that's not how God does it. He says, 'Let Me give you some affliction, then you'll value My mercy.' To multiplied what? Trials, He multiplies His peace. Oh, I want the multiplied peace of God! Don't you want God's peace multiplied in your life? Don't you want His mercy added upon added upon added? He says, 'There's one way and one way alone: I've got mercy waiting for you on the other side of this week. I've got peace waiting for you on the other side of this week. I want it multiplied, not just peace trickling down, but overflowing peace! Peace that passes understanding, peace like a river that floods over my soul.' You know the story behind that hymn. But He says, 'In order for Me to give that to you, I've got to take you through that multiplied trial, and through that added affliction.' His love has no limit, His grace has no measure. Oh, He will deliver you out of every one of them!

I'm going to give you one more example. God wants to manifest His greatness when He allows us to be humbled. By allowing us to be humbled. Turn with me to Daniel chapter 4. Sometimes when people are humbled or humiliated, as in they're corrected maybe, they're rebuked, something happens where they're, their pride is confronted, and they're humbled, maybe it's a failure in their in their life, or failure in in some circumstance, and they're humbled. God has a purpose in that, and I've seen so many people who maybe have been rebuked publicly or corrected, and they they say, "I felt humiliated by that," and they missed what God was trying to accomplish through that. Dear friend, dear brother, dear sister, dear children, even young people, if you've ever been in a situation where God humbled you through your own failure, or through correction, or whatever it might be, don't let the devil deceive you or allow you to miss God's purpose in that! God is going to make His name great even through your humiliation! Maybe it was your own doing, maybe it was somebody else's fault, but it doesn't matter. God is in the business of making His name great. Have you ever had a made a mistake, and now it's just like in front of everybody? And you're like, "Lord, why did You allow that? Why did You allow it to be so publicly visible that I I messed up, and I got corrected and rebuked in front of everybody?" He says, "I'm making My name great, and I'm going to do it even through your humiliation." Daniel chapter 4, you know the story of Nebuchadnezzar. He got so proud. He thought that he everything was because of him, and God says, "I'm going to show you." And He allowed him, I don't think anybody's ever been humiliated as badly as this, at least that I know of personally, he became like an animal! He lost his senses, he thought he was actually an animal, and he lived out in the fields, eating the grass, sleeping there, his nails grew long, his hair grew wild. You read about that in in chapter 4, Daniel 4 verse 33. In fact, they kicked him... this was the king! They kicked him out of the palace! Verse 33, "He was driven away from mankind, he began eating grass like cattle, and his body was drenched with the dew of heaven until his hair had grown like eagles' feathers and his nails like birds' claws." The great King Nebuchadnezzar, everybody said mocked him, "Look, look at what happened! Look at what failure, look at how he look at where he was and look at where he he is now." And everybody's mocking him, everybody walks by the field... these were people who were once his slaves, his subjects! They see the king now out in the field, all his honor stripped from him. But then he comes to his senses. Verse 34, "My reason returned to me, and what did he do?" He said, "I blessed the Most High, and praised and honored Him Who lives forever; for His dominion is an everlasting dominion, and His kingdom endures from generation to generation. All the inhabitants of the Earth are accounted as nothing, and He does according to His will in the host of heaven and among the inhabitants of Earth, and no one can ward off His hand or say to Him, 'What have You done?'" And then Nebuchadnezzar comes back as king, but he's different now! He says, "You Babylonians, I want you to know the God of Israel, the God of Daniel, the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. This is the God, this is the only true living God." You see how God used even Nebuchadnezzar's humiliation, becoming like an animal where everybody was mocking him and making fun of him, to restore him and to bring glory to His name.

Now, the perfect example of this is, of course, Jesus Christ. Let's turn to Mark chapter 15. It says in 1 Peter 2 that when He was mocked, He didn't, when He was reviled, He didn't revile in return. He kept His mouth shut when they when they mocked Him, and kept entrusting Himself to the One Who judges righteously. It's a phrase I think about often. Whenever you face trial, whenever you're misunderstood, no matter what you're going through, keep entrusting yourself to the One Who judges righteously! "Lord, everything's in Your hand, I give it back to You, everything's in Your hand." That's how Jesus lived His life. And the greatest and the final evidence of that was when His nails His hands were nailed, those same hands that had been used to heal people, to comfort people, to raise people back to life from the dead, now the devil thought, "I've pinned His hands." But the devil didn't realize that Jesus had lived His whole life like this! His whole life, it was like this. That's what it means to take up your cross every day. If there's one picture I get of Jesus every day of His life, not just on Calvary, every day of His life, it was like this: "Father, into Your hands I commit My spirit. I keep entrusting everything to You." And Jesus said, Matthew 16 verse 24, "If anyone wishes to come after Me, let him also take this posture. Let him take up his cross and follow Me, because that's how I lived My life." And then you read in Mark 15 verse 39, when the centurion who was standing right in front of Him, when the boss who was standing right in front of him, when the neighbor who was standing right in front of him, when the spouse who was standing right in front of him or her, when the children who were standing right in front of him saw how they lived their lives, saw how Daddy lived his life, saw how Mommy lived her life, saw how their children lived their lives, saw how the person who reported to them lived their lives at work, saw the way He breathed His last... see, this is not just the end of His life, that 'I've breathed my last, that's how I want to live this week, that I've breathed my last, I've died, I'm not trying to still fight for myself here on this Earth, I've breathed my last.' Will you go into the week this week, dear brothers, sisters, children, having breathed your last, having taken up your cross, denied yourself, no more Santosh, I've breathed my last, and people see that, and they see your God rescuing you after you've breathed your last, they will say, "Truly this man has a Father Who is a living God! Truly this man was the Son of God!"

I believe it shall be so, brothers, sisters, children, that as people watch, not how we fight, and by our own skill we get up and work our way up the corporate ladder and have a successful life, but that we breathe our last. Yes, we work hard, oh, children, do your homework, study hard for your tests, work hard in your job, and all that, but let it be as one who has breathed his last, who has breathed her last, and people around you will see it and they say, "This man has a God like no other, this woman has a God like no other, this boy, this girl, this friend of mine, I want to know his God, I want to know her God." Heavenly Father, make it so for us. I thank You, Lord, that You will deliver us out of every one of the trials we face. You will not allow us to be tempted more than we're able to bear, but with every trial will give us a way of escape. And Lord, I I make that commitment before You, that with all of my heart, Lord, will You make this so, that You can take us, take me, take us through whatever trial You want us to go through, whatever plans You have for us, Lord, whatever suffering or affliction You'll You'll allow for us in our lives, knowing with absolute confidence You will deliver us out from all of them, and Your name will be great wherever You take us. Thank You, Father. Pray even for our young people and our children that this hope, this confidence, this faith will grip their hearts. Believe it shall be so, in Jesus' name. Amen.